W-21966506: Update rtfd container resources page for OpenShift upgrades (#1718)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/upgrade-pre-requisites.adoc

= Update rtfd Container Resources When Upgrading Runtime Fabric on Red Hat OpenShift

Before upgrading Runtime Fabric on Red Hat OpenShift from version 2.6.52 or earlier to version 2.7.0 or later, you must manually set the `rtfd` container resource allocations to the recommended values. This step is required because the upgrade process doesn't automatically apply resource changes to the `rtfd` container.

For additional guidance on sizing, see xref:runtime-fabric::rtf-scale.adoc[Scalability Benchmarks].

To update `rtfd` container resources:

. In the Red Hat OpenShift console, navigate to *Operators* > *Installed Operators*.
. Select the *Runtime Fabric* operator and open the Runtime Fabric instance `.yaml` file.
+
image::runtime-fabric-yaml.png[Runtime Fabric instance .yaml file.]
+
. In the `.yaml` file, go to `spec:` > `agent:` > `rtfd:`, and update the resource allocations to these recommended values:
+
[source,yaml]
----
rtfd:
  resources:
    limits:
      cpu: 200m
      memory: 300Mi
    requests:
      cpu: 150m
      memory: 200Mi
----
+
. Click *Save*.

[NOTE]

> For Helm-based upgrades, if the Helm-based installations had previously overridden `rtfd` container resources in the `values.yaml` file, you must manually increase the allocations as per scalability guidelines, because Helm-based upgrades respect pre-release manual overrides.

Reviewer: Notebook suggests a revision:

```suggestion
During a Helm-based upgrade, if you previously overrode `rtfd` container resources in the `values.yaml` file, manually increase the allocations according to the scalability guidelines. This manual step is required because upgrades respect pre-release overrides.
```
